docs(setup-systems): reintroduce nix (#787)
CleverCloud/clever-tools: docs/setup-systems.md

  - [Chocolatey](/docs/setup-systems.md#chocolatey)
  - [Binary (.zip)](/docs/setup-systems.md#binary-zip)
- [Docker](/docs/setup-systems.md#docker)

> - [Nix](/docs/setup-systems.md#nix-package-manager)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Nix package manager](/docs/setup-systems.md#nix-package-manager)
```

```Dockerfile
COPY --from=clevercloud/clever-tools /bin/clever /usr/local/bin/clever
```

### Nix package manager

> If you are using Nix or NixOS, the package is available on [nixpkgs - unstable](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=clever-tools).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Nix on NixOS or any other compatible system, the package is available on [nixpkgs - unstable](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=clever-tools).
```

> You may add it to your configuration just like any other package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Add it](LINK) to your configuration.
```
If there is no specific command for that, replace LINK with a link to Nix doc about it.

Reviewer: LGTM, my main concern here is to redirect to Nix documentation for new users to know where to find more informations.

Author: Found a better solution, the nixpkgs search result shows a "how to install section". It wasn't available at the time of the PR but now it is so I'll link to that:
![nixpkgs search result for clever-tools - how to install section](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools/assets/100240294/357bca5c-e0e0-440a-8e56-947de76df19c)

https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&show=clever-tools&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=clever-tools

> If you are using Nix on NixOS or any other compatible system, the package is available on [nixpkgs - unstable](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=clever-tools).
> To install the package, follow the guildelines from [How to install clever-tools - nixpkgs](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&show=clever-tools&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=clever-tools).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Nix on NixOS or any other compatible system, the package is available in `unstable` channel. Follow [these instructions](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&show=clever-tools&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=clever-tools).
```

Author: perfect, thanks
